2/7/2022-->javaTest-2


1. What is the use of classloader in java?

       * The java classloader is a part of the java  runtime environment that dyanmically loads java classes into java virtual machine.


2. Difference between While and Do-while loop?

                 While                                                                                                                      Do while loop

*While loop is entry control loop.                                                                     *Do while loop is exict control loop.
*A while loop is pre test while loop.                                                                  *A do while loop is post test while loop.
*if their is a single statement ,brackets are not requried.                               *At least one statement will excute once.
*Variable is condition is initialized before the exction for the loop.              *Semicolon at the end while (condition).
 *while (condition)
{ Statement (s);}  

                                                                                                                                              
3. Write a program to achieve infinite loop and give reason?


                          
4. What is variable? Write the syntax and examples.
Variable is name of memory location.which is used to hold the values at the program excution.
                  Syntax;Datatype variablename=value;
                        ex:String name="nayana";
5. Which is the basic unit of storage in a program?
6. Write the difference between Static variable, Instance variable
and Local variable
Static,Instance and Local variable:
                                                        Instance Variable:
                                                                          1.these variables are declared inside the class and outside the main method.
                                                                          2.when creating object memory will be allocated. when object is destroy memory will be destroy autimatically.
				3.these instance variables are one for an object.
				4. these instance variables are stored in heap memory.

			Local Variable :
				1.these variables are declared outside the class and inside the main method.
				2.these variables stored static memory.
				3.when method is starts the memory will be alloacted. when method is completes the memory will be destroy.
				
	                                  Static variables:     
                                                                         1. the static variables declared inside the class out side the methods .
                                                                         2. these static variables allocated memory when .class file is loaded.

7. We can access the Static variable with the help of object or not,
give the Reason
 
8. Define the access specifiers?

               -->Acess specifier help us to restrict the scope or visbility of package,class,constructor,methods,variables,or other data members.

9. How many ways are to create Object?

               --> these are five ways to creat an object
                                1.new instance method.
                                2.by using new key word.
                                3.colne method.
                                4. serialization method.
                                5.factory method.

10. What is deserialization?
11. What is Anonymous objects?
        * Anonymous  object. Anonymous simply means nameless.An object which has no refernce is known as an anynomyous object.
        *It can be used at the time of object creation only.
       
12. Explain the class and method signature?
13. Explain the wrapper classes? Why its need in java?
14. What is constructor and Destructor in java?
          A constructor in Java is similar to a method that is invoked when an object of the class is created.

        Unlike Java methods, a constructor has the same name as that of the class and does not have any return type. For example,

                    class Test {
                       Test() {
  }
15. How constructor differ from methods?
16. Explain the Types of constructor with example?
        A constructor is a special type of function with no return type. Name of constructor should be same as the name of the class.
             1.Default Constructor
             2.Parameterized Constructor
     Default Constructor:
           Default constructor does not take any parameter.compiler creates a default constructor if we do not define any default constructor inside the class,
           Default constructor is created by the compiler if we do not create any constructor inside the class.
           Default constructor does not take any parameter.
           Default constructor is called when we create an object of the class.
   Parameterized Constructor:
           Parameterized Constructor is created by the developer. 
           This constructor takes at least one parameter.
           I have defined one Parameterized constructor below.
 
17. If Copy constructor is supported In Java? Give example
18. What is constructor chaining? Why we need?

                  *Constructor chaining is a process of calling one constructor to another constructor with respective object.

19. What is the use of super and This keyword in java? 

               *Super key word is used to call parent class.
               *This key word is used to represent current object.
 
20. What is use of this() in java?

              *this() keyword is used to represent current object.

21. Can we have private constructors ?
*yes
22. What is a Singleton class?
23. Write the types of polymorphism with example and how
we will achieve in java
polymorphism:- 
    The ability of the method to behave differently when different object acting upon it.
              There are 2 types in polymorphism
                    a) compile time polymorphism:-
                                            out of so many overloaded methods which method is implementation should be executing is decided by compiler at the compile time.
                   b) run time polymorphism:-
                                            out of so many over.
24. Difference between Method overloading and method
overr 
                                MethodOverloading                                                                                                                                Method Overriding
   *Method overloading is used to increase the readability of the program.	                                   * Method overriding is used to provide the specific implementation of the method that is already provided by its super class.
   *Method overloading is performed within class.	                                                                         * Method overriding occurs in two classes that have IS-A (inheritance) relationship.
   *In case of method overloading, parameter must be different.	                                                       *In case of method overriding, parameter must be same.
   *Method overloading is the example of compile time polymorphism.	                                    *Method overriding is the example of run time polymorphism.
   *In java, method overloading can't be performed by changing return type of the method only.    *Return type can be same or different in method overloading. 
25. Advantages of Dynamic Method Dispatch?
26. What is static and Dynamic binding?

27. Why we need method overriding? Can we override the
below methods?
1.main() 2.static() 3.final() 4.Constructor() 5.Abstruct()
32. When to use abstract classes and abstract methods with an
34.Differnce between classes and interfaces?
Class:
	*The keyword used to create a class is “class”.
	*Classes does not support multiple inheritance.
	*Class can be inherit another class.
	*Class can contain constructors.
Interface:	
	*Class cannot contain abstract Interface.
	*The keyword used to create an interface is “interface”.
	*Interface supports multiple inheritance.
	*It cannot inherit a class.
	*It cannot contain constructors.
	*It contains abstract methods only.
.
35. Can we have Nested Interfaces? Give Examples.
37. Write a program to print even and odd elements in an Array
separately
38. “ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException” when we will get this
error?
39. Are static local variables allowed in Java?
40. Java program to print the sum of all the items of the array
41. Java program to sort the elements of an array in ascending order
42. Java program to remove Duplicate Elements in an Array

